use puppeteer fullPage option to support dynamic height (#23)
concord-consortium/shutterbug-lambda: README.md

- `curl --data '{"content":"<p>Hello world!</p>","css":"<style>p { color: red; margin: 70px; }</style>","width":"400","height":"200","base_url":"http://concord.org"}' https://api.concord.org/shutterbug-production`
- `curl --data '{"url":"http://concord.org","width":1000,"height":800}' https://api.concord.org/shutterbug-production`

## Local setup

> In AWS this runs with a version of Node specificied by shutterbug-lambda CloudFormation template. The same version of node should be used for local developement. The package.json `engines.node` version should match the version used in AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In AWS this runs with a version of Node specified by shutterbug-lambda CloudFormation template. The same version of node should be used for local development. The package.json `engines.node` version should match the version used in AWS.
```
